#Wrapper for InfoMonitor for Section
sup:Wrapper_1 rdf:type S:Wrapper
sup:W1/VoDmonitorId rdf:type S:Attribute
sup:W1/VoDmonitorId owl:sameAs sup:monitorId
sup:W1/lagRatio rdf:type S:Attribute
sup:W1/lagRatio owl:sameAs sup:lagRatio
sup:Wrapper_1 S:hasAttribute sup:W1/VoDmonitorId
sup:Wrapper_1 S:hasAttribute sup:W1/lagRatio
#Wrapper for InfoMonitor for VideoPlayer section
sup:Wrapper_2 rdf:type S:Wrapper
sup:W2/VoDmonitorId rdf:type S:Attribute
sup:W2/VoDmonitorId owl:sameAs sup:monitorId
sup:W2/lagRatio rdf:type S:Attribute
sup:W2/lagRatio owl:sameAs sup:lagRatio
sup:Wrapper_2 S:hasAttribute sup:W2/VoDmonitorId
sup:Wrapper_2 S:hasAttribute sup:W2/lagRatio
#Wrapper for join table
sup:Wrapper_3 rdf:type S:Wrapper
sup:W3/MonitorId rdf:type S:Attribute
sup:W3/MonitorId owl:sameAs sup:monitorId
sup:W3/TargetApp rdf:type S:Attribute
sup:W3/TargetApp owl:sameAs sup:applicationId
sup:Wrapper_3 S:hasAttribute sup:W3/MonitorId
sup:Wrapper_3 S:hasAttribute sup:W3/TargetApp